specifically I'll be talking about sleep
adapters that convert your crankshaft
from 3/4 inch to one inch and I'm going
to give you a close-up look of that
sleep adapter it comes with the key that
just basically goes in like this and
this adapter here is made to go on a 3/4
inch shaft now you may be wondering when
am I ever going to have to use an
adapter like this well I'm just going to
show you with the engine that's on my
table here here's the reason why I want
to put this pulley here on this engine
and the hole in this pulley here is one
inch and it's 3/4 inch on the engine
this is what's going to happen it is way
too loose so by installing that sleeve
it's going to make the pulley nice and
tight on that engine the reason why I
need to put this big pulley here on this
engine is because I'm installing that
engine on this snow blower over here and
this er was the original pulley from
that snow blower so I definitely have to
use it so that it matches up with the
belts so when you replace the engine on
the snowblower you want to make sure you
keep the same pulleys or have some that
are the same size and this way here I
can slap it on that engine install the
engine on this snow blower and I
shouldn't have any snags when it comes
to the belts if you use different sized
pulleys you could affect the drive of
the snow blower the drive may be too
slow or too fast also if you do not have
the same size pulley for the auger your
engine may lack power or on the other
hand it may not blow snow as far as it
used to so now I'm going to show you how
to install this adapter on the engine
now first of all as a precaution I like
to use a nice ease on my crankshaft so
when I install pulleys on them and it's
the same thing if I'm going to install
one of these adapters and you can be
generous with your NTC's when you do
this also going to make the sleep go on
much easier now you need to separate the
key from the adapter in this case here
I'm going to install the adapter on the
crankshaft in this position here and
when you install it you want to line up
the keyway hole on the crankshaft and
the hole on the adapter sleeve
and now you want to install the key in
this position here facing down as you
can see it's slightly smaller on the
bottom this is the part that will go on
the engine crankshaft now if you do get
one of these kits and you find it hard
to fit the key on the engine crankshaft
what you might need to do is put it in a
vise like this like I did and with a
chain saw file just file it a few times
and then it will fit in there nice and
easy
also if the top part of the key here is
too wide for your pulley you may need to
do the same by just filing this side
over here and that side now that I've
got my key all set up I'm just going to
install it like this now for install the
pulley I'm going to show you how to
remove the key I use some side cutters
like this that have an angle to them
just grab onto the key nice and easy we
don't want to leave marks on it then
just pry up like this and it's going to
come out also I only use a brass hammer
to put the TM because I don't want to
cause any damage to it sometimes it's a
bit of snug again you do need to hammer
it down a bit now what I do is I put
anti-seize on the top part of the sleeve
as well
you'll be thankful if ever you have to
take it apart again that there is NTC's
now I'm going to install the pulley and
line up the keyway hole on the pulley to
the key on the shaft now on this pulley
here there's two Allen set screws that
need to be tightened up and you can also
install a bolt with a large washer so
between the bolt and the two set screws
this pulley is not going to go anywhere
and now it's nice and solid and by
having that sleeve you can reuse the
engine to repower some other equipment
if you guys need one of these sleeves
just PM me through my youtube channel
and I can mail one out to you currently
the going price is around fifty five
dollars plus tax it's a small price to
pay if you want to repower a nice
snowblower okay guys this is the
turns blower that I showed you that I
put the adapter sleeve on the crank
shaft of the engine gonna start it up
and I'm going to give it a test run and
Joel here is videotaping me he's going
to videotape me actually testing it out
just to show you guys that it does just
as good of a job if you adapt an engine
on a blower like this
so thanks for watching guys make sure to
subscribe and you can see me in my next
video have a great day
you